I'm Adam ancho for pro football weekly
with a positional analysis of the
defensive backs in this year's draft
presented by verizon fios joined by our
draft expert in olin iraqi no one there
a couple of cornerbacks we'll start with
those that really fit into the top of
the draft just elite talents yeah
Patrick Peterson from LSU and Prince I'm
oh come here from Nebraska I think the
two of them are very solid the walk-in
be starters from day one Pearson's got
that rear size and speed at four three
two and the 40 at 219 pounds have just
very unique Anakin returned so I think
he's got a ton of value you got a Jimmy
Smith of Colorado I think also fits into
that group talent-wise the character
concerns could push him down the boards
put away there are a couple other guys
that may fit into that first round spot
but more fill that role of a slot corner
we got Aaron Williams from Texas and
Brandon Harris from Miami the two of
them don't have great size but they're
gonna be very saddle to covering their
slides I think Williams could get looks
as safety as well now another role we
need corners to fill is that press-man
corner for a couple guys have been to
that role we've got reside valley from
Virginia Devon house from New Mexico
they both have great size I think they'd
be very good in cover two schemes moving
on to the safety position we saw last
year a couple of guys Eric Berry and
Earl Thomas that went early in the draft
doesn't really look like there's that
kind of talent this year that's really
baronet that safety position I think
teams that need safeties are just out of
luck this York's I don't know if there's
a true starter in this year's drapes
whoever he more from UCLA who's got good
range good athletic ability but you know
really doesn't show up against the run
could be a corner in the NFL then you
have quit Carter from Oklahoma JK and
Jarrett from Temple I really like they
could be a salad strong safety in the
NFL marcus gilchrist at Clemson who
likely projects from corner to safety
and then Josh Thomas from Buffalo i
think is getting more looks to safety at
the end the corner so if you lump them
all together you take your corner backs
and your safeties obviously safety is a
little weak overall load you give the
grade as the cornerback class has some
talent at the very top but i think the
depth falls off fast and just nothing in
the safety class i think you get able to
c minus that as a look at the defensive
backs in this year's draft for the best
draft coverage be sure to follow us on
twitter or go to pro football weekly
calm
you